Clarify SCM and release requirements (#218)
ansible-collections/overview: collection_requirements.rst

Repository management
=====================

Every collection MUST have a public git repository. Releases of the collection MUST be tagged in said repository. This means that releases MUST be ``git tag``ed and that the tag name MUST exactly match the Galaxy version number. Tag names MAY have a ``v`` prefix, but a collection's tag names MUST have a consistent format from release to release.

Additionally, collection artifacts released to Galaxy MUST be built from the sources that are tagged in the collection's git repository as that release. Any changes made during the build process MUST be clearly documented so the collection artifact can be reproduced.

> We are open to allowing other SCM software once our tooling supports them.

Reviewer: While I'm not opposed to this sentence, it seems unlikely we'll ever make the tooling support other SCM software unless a collection that uses it exists, and if we're preventing it from being added based on that, I doubt we'd ever support them.

I'd also like to know what tooling specifically.. though it doesn't have to be listed in this doc.

Author: > I'd also like to know what tooling specifically.. though it doesn't have to be listed in this doc.

Probably [collection_prep](https://github.com/ansible-network/collection_prep). I'm not an expert on this tool, but I think it won't work with non-git repositories.

@felixfontein Did you have anything else in mind when saying that [we can potentially add more SCMs to the list once our tooling supports them](https://github.com/ansible-community/community-topics/issues/148#issuecomment-1277837851)?

Reviewer 2: > I'd also like to know what tooling specifically.. though it doesn't have to be listed in this doc.

See https://github.com/ansible-community/community-topics/issues/148#issuecomment-1276668186. My idea was that we'd set up an automated check to ensure that new collection Galaxy releases are tagged in the respective collection's repository. @felixfontein pointed out that would fall flat if we didn't actually mandate that collections use a git repository.

>  it seems unlikely we'll ever make the tooling support other SCM software unless a collection that uses it exists, and if we're preventing it from being added based on that, I doubt we'd ever support them.

I guess if a new collection wanted to use some other SCM, that's when we'd consider allowing it.

Repository management
=====================

> Every collection MUST have a public git repository and releases of the collection MUST be tagged in this repository.
> 
> We are open to add more SCMs once our tooling supports them.

Reviewer 2: If we're explicitly requiring a git repository, here is how I'd reword my original suggestion. If there's consensus to handle this separately, I can create a separate PR.

```suggestion
Every collection MUST have a public git repository. Releases of the collection MUST be tagged in said repository. This means that releases MUST be ``git tag``ed and that the tag name MUST exactly match the Galaxy version number. Tag names MAY have a ``v`` prefix, but a collection's tag names MUST have a consistent format from release to release.

Additionally, collection artifacts released to Galaxy MUST be built from the sources that are tagged in the collection's git repository as that release. Any changes made during the build process MUST be clearly documented so the collection artifact can be reproduced.

We are open to allowing other SCM software once our tooling supports them.
```
